yes in this video I want to show how
you can release a network that can
For example, to use it from
his android smartphone or even from
other devices in the network that out
Network access has data too
transfer
that means, for example, I have
Pictures on my smartphone that would like
I like to have it on my pc or
also the other way then also music from
pc on the smartphone and push that
all wireless network that gives
In the following way you actually need
on the phone to a file
explorer actually no programs
that can be so if so
the first one still goes to the explorers
down from windows 7 is yes in this
taskbar down in it
alternatively you can also use the windows
press button then we have this pc
under windows 8 without him now easy
times the folder downloads give everyone
Any folder and do one
then right click on properties and
say release and then we open
extended release then get this
window in which I click this folder
release
Here I can then the release name
esch can then change the users
number limit what you then
should do now on authority
then gives everyone full access
take over
ok then take it over again and that was it
actually already we have
this folder in the network released
can use it on other devices
access folder and transfer data
I'll show you how it works now
mobile
yes, we have mine now
smartphone with android and what we have now
need to do is go to the play store
you do not quite see it now and follow it
app download the ds file explorer
then it will be downloaded
will now be installed
then we go open
so we see ours here now
Structure of the cell phone the folder structure
and what we are doing now is on this
small symbols up here
press this and go on network
then lame
important is that you are in the same
connected as well as the network
calculator
where you have cleared the folder clear
so then we go down here
search
So now the network is being searched
for shared folders, we have
already a computer from my network
so that should be mine then now
I have to enter the password once
So now that I have the password
I've already seen enter here
the shared folders on my
Calculator, of course, I had to
with my data if your computer is a
local user has with a password
Of course, I have to deal with these data
Sign in
logical and everyone could easily care
access and now I can to
for example also with folders download them
have not released go and
can then open this picture here
it can save
data from the phone in this folder
cramming or the other way around
and that is very useful as I said it
goes extremely fast
One needs to in this
file explorer no other apps and
I always use it that way and I hope so
could help you with that a bit
maybe you have learned something new
see you next time